# Reference

<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

### Classes

#### Public Classes

* [`puppet_dynamodb_otp`](#puppet_dynamodb_otp): Class to install and configure puppet-dynamodb-otp.  Use this module to install and configure puppet-dynamodb-otp.  @puppet-dynamodb-otp Decl

#### Private Classes

* `puppet_dynamodb_otp::dropin`: Class to dropin puppet-dynamodb-otp.
* `puppet_dynamodb_otp::install`: Class to install puppet-dynamodb-otp.

## Classes

### <a name="puppet_dynamodb_otp"></a>`puppet_dynamodb_otp`

Class to install and configure puppet-dynamodb-otp.

Use this module to install and configure puppet-dynamodb-otp.

@puppet-dynamodb-otp Declaring the class
  include ::puppet-dynamodb-otp

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `puppet_dynamodb_otp` class:

* [`install_dir`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--install_dir)
* [`install_method`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--install_method)
* [`manage_dropin`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--manage_dropin)
* [`package_name`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--package_name)
* [`package_version`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--package_version)
* [`archive_source`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--archive_source)
* [`aws_region`](#-puppet_dynamodb_otp--aws_region)

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--install_dir"></a>`install_dir`

Data type: `Stdlib::Absolutepath`

Location of puppet-dynamodb-otp binary release.

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--install_method"></a>`install_method`

Data type: `Enum['archive','package']`

How to install puppet-dynamodb-otp.

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--manage_dropin"></a>`manage_dropin`

Data type: `Boolean`

Manage the puppet-dynamodb-otp dropin.

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--package_name"></a>`package_name`

Data type: `String[1]`

Name of package to install.

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--package_version"></a>`package_version`

Data type: `String[1]`

Version of puppet-dynamodb-otp to install.

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--archive_source"></a>`archive_source`

Data type: `Optional[Stdlib::HTTPUrl]`

Location of puppet-dynamodb-otp binary release.

Default value: `undef`

##### <a name="-puppet_dynamodb_otp--aws_region"></a>`aws_region`

Data type: `Optional[String[1]]`

AWS region to expose to the puppetserver service.

Default value: `undef`

